Add documentation (#341)
BLAST-AI-ML/synapse: docs/source/simulations.md

# Simulations

Synapse treats simulation support as experiment-owned code.
The dashboard only knows where to find scripts and how to submit a job through the NERSC Superfacility API.

## Directory Layout

For dashboard-triggered single simulations, an experiment may provide:

```text
experiments/synapse-<experiment>/simulation_scripts/
  submission_script_single
  templates/
    ...
```

If `submission_script_single` exists, the dashboard enables the `Simulate` button.
Before submission, it writes the current dashboard parameters to `single_simulation_parameters.yaml` after converting experimental variables to simulation variables.

## Submission Flow

1. User uploads valid Superfacility API credentials.
2. Dashboard checks Perlmutter status.
3. User clicks `Simulate`.
4. Files from `simulation_scripts/templates/` and the generated parameter YAML are uploaded to:

   ```text
   /global/cfs/cdirs/m558/superfacility/simulation_running/<experiment>/templates
   ```

> 5. The dashboard reads `submission_script_single` and submits it through SFAPI.

Author: ```suggestion
5. The dashboard reads `submission_script_single` and submits it through Superfacility API.
```
